Rat Polls Correction (#2039)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/Budget Ratification Poll for Modify Sidestream Auction Services Core Unit Budget, SAS-001 (MIP40c3-SP85) - November 14, 2022.md

    - *Updated Transaction.*
    - *Updated Smart Contract Implementation.*
- *Addition of new sections to meet the MIP4c2-SP19 amendment:*
    - *Roadmap and Objective.*
    - *Summarising Value to MKR Holders.*
    - *Contingency Planning - Scenarios.*
    - *Return Excess Funds.*
    - *Unwinding and Defunding.*
    - *Proposal Parameters.*
    - *Minor grammatical and formatting updates to the Budget Implementation.*

Please review the links below to inform your position on this proposal before voting.
* [Canonical Proposal Version](https://github.com/makerdao/mips/blob/247f11f556ad5b2be78525c7fa6c9966da76ecec/MIP40/MIP40c3-Subproposals/MIP40c3-SP85.md)
* [Latest Proposal Version](https://mips.makerdao.com/mips/details/MIP40c3SP85)
* [Proposal Discussion Thread](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip40c3-sp85-modify-sidestream-auction-services-core-unit-budget-sas-001/18253)

## Outcomes

This poll implements a **Minimum Positive Participation** value. The Minimum Positive Participation is currently set to **10,000 MKR**.

**If the votes for Option 1 or Option 2 achieve a majority AND the votes for the winning option exceed 10,000 MKR, then the following actions will be taken:**

> * The MIP Editors will mark the proposal **Accepted** and the Governance Facilitators will confirm its passage on the Governance and Risk call on Wednesday, November 24.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The MIP Editors will mark the proposal **Accepted** and the Governance Facilitators will confirm its passage on the Governance and Risk call on Thursday, December 1.
```
